c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\SocialVk.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\bin\Release\VK.WindowsPhone.SDK-XAML.dll
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\priconfig.xml
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\layout.resfiles
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\resources.resfiles
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\pri.resfiles
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\bin\Release\Social.winmd
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\bin\Release\Social.pdb
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\bin\Release\Social.pri
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\Social.winmd
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\Social.pdb
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\Social.winmdobj
c:\users\василий\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\WindowsRuntimeComponent1\obj\Release\Social.compile.pdb
